Demisto-sdk release 1.31.7 (#4492)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.31.7
* Added 'CaseLayoutRule' to the `ST110` validation. [#4491](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4491)
* Added 'GenericField', 'GenericModule', 'Job', 'List', 'Mapper', 'ModelingRule', 'ParsingRule' and 'PreProcessRule' to the `ST110` validation. [#4470](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4470)
* Added 'CaseLayout' to the `ST110` validation. [#4489](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4489)
* Added the `native_nightly_packs` attribute to the conf.json schema. [#4479](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4479)
* Added 'AssetsModelingRule' to the `ST110` validation. [#4486](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4486)
* Added 'XSIAMReport' to the `ST110` validation. [#4484](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4484)

> * Split the testing of modeling rules on XSIAM to multiple machines [#4441](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4441)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified the testing of modeling rules on XSIAM by splitting the process to multiple machines [#4441](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4441)
```

* Added 'IndicatorType' to the `ST110` validation. [#4485](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4485)
* Added 'CaseField' to the `ST110` validation. [#4488](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4488)
* Added 'Report', 'Trigger', 'Widget', 'Wizard', 'XDRCTemplate' and 'XSIAMDashboard' to the `ST110` validation. [#4478](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4478)
* Fixed an issue with the parallel logger not showing the thread id. [#4487](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4487)
* Moved PR100 and XD100 validations to run the `validate-content-path` **pre-commit** hook. These validations ensure the ParsingRule and XSIAM Dashboard filenames are valid. [#4476](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4476)
* Started supporting only a dict value for the "cloud_servers_api_keys" file provided. [#4480](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4480)
* Removed the deprecated `types-pkg-resources` package dependency. demisto-sdk will use the `types-setuptools` package instead. [#4474](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4474)

> * Updated paramiko to v3.4.1, removing the warning that would occasionally show. [#4470](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4470)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added 'CaseLayoutRule' to the ST110 validation. [#4491](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4491)
* Added 'GenericField', 'GenericModule', 'Job', 'List', 'Mapper', 'ModelingRule', 'ParsingRule' and 'PreProcessRule' to the ST110 validation. [#4470](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4470)
* Added 'CaseLayout' to the ST110 validation. [#4489](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4489)
* Added the *native_nightly_packs* attribute to the conf.json schema. [#4479](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4479)
* Added 'AssetsModelingRule' to the ST110 validation. [#4486](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4486)
* Added 'XSIAMReport' to the ST110 validation. [#4484](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4484)
* Modified the testing of modeling rules on XSIAM by splitting the process to multiple machines. [#4441](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4441)
* Added 'IndicatorType' to the ST110 validation. [#4485](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4485)
* Added 'CaseField' to the ST110 validation. [#4488](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4488)
* Added 'Report', 'Trigger', 'Widget', 'Wizard', 'XDRCTemplate' and 'XSIAMDashboard' to the ST110 validation. [#4478](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4478)
* Fixed an issue with the parallel logger did not show the thread id. [#4487](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4487)
* Moved PR100 and XD100 validations to run the validate-content-path **pre-commit** hook. These validations ensure the ParsingRule and XSIAM Dashboard filenames are valid. [#4476](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4476)
* Modified provided "cloud_servers_api_keys" file to support only a dict value. [#4480](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4480)
* Removed the deprecated 'types-pkg-resources' package dependency. demisto-sdk will use the 'types-setuptools' package instead. [#4474](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4474)
* Modified paramiko bu updating it to v3.4.1, removed the warning that would occasionally show. [#4470](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4470)
```
